Okay, to create this stunning landscape
using world machine and Unreal Engine
5.6, first of all, you have to download
the world machine from this website
right in the Google world machine. Go to
the first
URL. Click
download and click this button. Once
it's downloaded, you can get it here in
the
downloading. Okay. After
that install the program and search it
right
here word
machine okay this interface of my word
machine let's go here to the file create
new
project I want to delete all of those
nodes first of all we have to generate
landscape Here we go to
generator and add advanced turn. Select
this one and make it right
here. Double click
it. Okay, this is a preview of my
landscape. Okay, let's choose a type of
landscape. I will create more campus.
Yes, for now let's use
this. Okay. 8
kilometers
here. Okay. And change some of this
parameter. Okay. Now it's fine. We have
to create a sample landscape using this
program word machine. And the output is
in the real engine 5.6. Okay. You can
preview your landscape by going there
this one. Okay. In 2D, you can preview
in
3D using this
mode as an infinite world.
Okay. Let's return right here. And let's
add some
erosion. Let's go to the ner.
Okay, let's drag the
erosion. This is the
erosion right here. And plug this one to
the first one. First and foremost. Okay,
we have this parameters and the erosion.
So, we have the duration of the erosion,
the scaling of the erosion. Look at the
preview the changes. We can play with
the variable as you want to make
standing
landscape. Okay, let's make it like
this for me. It's
good. We have another
parameter. We can choose one of
those presets.
We can adjust the strand
and if you want to make a
mountain and other
things. Okay, let's make it like
this. Let's see the preview on 3D. We
have to go here.
Okay, we have like a mountain and some
erosion right
here. Okay, for me it's fine for you.
You can adjust and play with your
variable as you want to get result nice
result. Okay, let's return
here and let's make an output for the
array.
You have to go
here. Not bit
map. Hide output. This
one. Select it. Drag it like this. The
first
one. And now it's uh we have a name of
the output presets and other thing
is okay. Default the default file format
for the real engine is this one 16 bitro
for this the name of the height map
presets. Okay. And now let's write to
the
disk your device final resolution with
the black. Okay. Yes. Now it's
exporting.
Save. We can save it right
here. Any file name
W and hit
okay. Okay. Your file is a new project
type map. Okay. Where you can find the
output. Okay. Let's go here to the
document. Search for word machine
document. And this one, this is my
height
map. Okay. Now save the
project. Close the word
machine. Open the ar
engine
5.6. Okay. Now to create new project, we
have to go to the games. Select third
person. For me, this is landscape.
create. Close this. Okay. Now, let's go
here to the file and create new level.
Set empty
level. Uh, okay. Go to the window. Set
up the lighting with environment light
mixer. Create skylight. Directional
light
atmosphere volutric cloud and height
fog. And go down.
Make sure to make it through voluometric
fog. Okay. Now there is no landscape. To
create this landscape, we have to go
here to the
landscape. Make sure to enable edit
layers. Now we can make a new landscape
by hit create. For for me I want to
choose my landscape import from file.
Let's height map file.
Let's go right here. Choose my height
map. This one. New project. Height
output. Okay. Let's adjust the speed of
the camera
first. Okay. Eight is
good.
Okay. It's adjusted
automatically. Hit create.
And this is the first preview of my
landscape. Let's make it the speed
32. Okay, it looks like a mountain. And
let's see. Let's add the player
character right
there for the selection.
And let's go
here and set
basic start. What's
this?
Start. Okay, it's look. This is the
first look of our landscapes.
Looks nice. Now let's add a material for
landscape. This landscape. Let's use
uh and let's use some auto
material for you. You can use your own
material. Okay. For me, you want to use
a material from the fab
marketplace. Search for
MW
auto material.
Okay, let's choose this
[Music]
one. Let's pay. Let's choose free
material. Let's go ahead to the
relevance and enter price set to
free. This
one. Let's download this one. Set
personal. Add to my library and add to
project. Add to
project. The downloading is
beginning. And now let's close this. The
downloading is
finished. Go to my landscape. Go to
material
landscape. And let's choose this one.
First of all, we have to select the
landscape. Once it's
selected, select this one and go here
and press this
button. Okay, this is example snowy land
mountainscape. This
looks very
nice.
Okay. Okay. Thank you for watching guys.
This is all for this tutorial. See you
later in the next tutorial. Subscribe to
the channel for more tutorials like
this. And don't forget to save all